# Not in grammar
 - go to the kitchen table, look for Emma, go to the sofa, find Abigail, and guide her to the exit.
 - Go to the kitchen, locate Mason, follow him, and navigate to the bed, locate Isabella.

# Grammar verified


# Crashing


# Command working
 - answer a question, go to the desk, look for Abigail, and get the orange from the right rack.
 - answer a question, grasp the onion from the bistro table, and put it on the desk.
 - answer a question, grasp the radish from the right rack, and give it to Mia in the bookcase.
 - tell the day of the month, take the chopsticks from the right planks, and give it to me.
 - join the dark side, look for Charlotte in the bookcase, and guide her to the bed.
 - enter to the bedroom, look for Benjamin, and follow him.
 - Answer a question, locate Sophia in the kitchen, and follow her.
 - answer a question, go to the bed, locate Ava, and say what day is tomorrow.
 - answer a question, go to the bookcase, look for Ava, and escort her to the exit. 
 - answer a question, join the dark side, and go to the sofa, locate Harper.
 - enter to the bedroom, look for the asience, and deliver it to me.
 - deliver apple on the little desk, and grasp the corn from the coffee table.

# Not checked
 - find Isabella in the bedroom, follow her, and tell the day of the month.
 - find Isabella in the desk, and guide her to the teepee.
 - find Jacob in the sofa, find Sophia in the desk, and guide her to the bookcase.
 - find Mason in the bed, guide him to the bedroom, and say something about yourself.
 - find Mia in the corridor, follow her, and get the apple from the fridge.
 - Find Michael in the balcony, follow him, and navigate to the bed, look for Benjamin.
 - find Michael in the desk, tell a joke, and find Ava in the TV.
 - Find Michael in the kitchen table, find Isabella in the kitchen, and follow her.
 - find Noah in the bed, and escort him to the living room.
 - find Noah in the bookcase, take him to the exit, and tell the day of the month.
 - find Noah in the desk, answer a question, and tell the day of the week.
 - find Noah in the kitchen table, and guide him to the entrance.
 - find Noah in the kitchen table, and take him to the balcony.
 - find Sophia in the TV, and take her to the exit.
 - find William in the kitchen, follow him, and grasp the chopsticks from the right planks.
 - Get the apple from the balcony shelf, go to the kitchen table, look for Ethan, and escort him to the entrance.
 - get the apple from the bookcase, find James in the TV, and join the dark side.
 - get the apple from the bookcase, pick up the radish from the entrance shelf, and place it on the fridge.
 - get the apple from the kitchen counter, hand it to Benjamin in the desk, and say your team's name.
 - Get the apple from the kitchen counter, look for Emma in the bedroom, and follow her.
 - get the apple from the kitchen shelf, deliver it to Emily in the sofa, and say the day of the month.
 - get the apple from the unknown, go to the entrance, find Harper, and follow her.
 - get the chopsticks from the desk, place it on the bistro table, and tell the time.
 - Get the chopsticks from the left planks, say the time, and say the time.
 - Get the corn from the bookcase, tell the day of the month, and join the dark side.
 - get the corn from the desk, go to the corridor, look for Mason, and follow him.
 - get the corn from the entrance shelf, navigate to the kitchen, look for Ava, and follow her.
 - get the corn from the right rack, take the orange from the kitchen rack, and put it on the fridge.
 - Get the onion from the kitchen rack, give it to Ava in the sofa, and join the dark side.
 - get the orange from the bookcase, join the dark side, and find Jacob in the desk.
 - get the orange from the little desk, grasp the apple from the sideboard, and deliver it to
 - get the radish from the desk, hand it to me, and say the time.
 - Go to the balcony, find Harper, follow her, and grasp the orange from the kitchen shelf.
 - go to the balcony, find the corn, and give it to Isabella in the teepee.
 - go to the balcony, look for the moisturizer, and put it on the TV.
 - go to the bed, look for Mia, grasp the radish from the right planks, and place it on the entrance
 - go to the bedroom, find Olivia, follow her, and take the onion from the left rack.
 - go to the bedroom, look for Michael, follow him, and join the dark side.
 - go to the bookcase, find Noah, guide it to the exit, and look for Jacob in the sofa.
 - go to the bookcase, locate Isabella, pick up the apple from the balcony shelf, and get the onion from
 - go to the bookcase, locate Noah, navigate to the desk, locate Liam, and escort him to the teepee.
 - go to the bookcase, locate William, take him to the sofa, and join the dark side.
 - go to the bookcase, look for Emily, take the radish from the entrance shelf, and deliver it to me.
 - Go to the corridor, locate Mason, follow him, and answer a question.
 - Go to the desk, find Mason, and escort him to the exit.
 - Go to the desk, look for Benjamin, guide him to the exit, and tell the time.
 - Go to the desk, look for Olivia, answer a question, and tell something about yourself.
 - go to the entrance, find the corn, and hand it to Benjamin in the bookcase.
 - go to the entrance, find the fries, and deliver it on the kitchen rack.
 - go to the kitchen table, look for Emily, and escort her to the living room.
 - go to the kitchen, locate the fries, and deliver it to Jacob in the kitchen table.
 - Go to the living room, find the cup star, and deliver it to Ava in the teepee.
 - go to the living room, locate the cup star, and put it on the kitchen table.
 - go to the sofa, find Ava, and guide her to the bedroom.
 - go to the sofa, find Michael, tell what day is today, and get the orange from the coffee table.
 - go to the teepee, find Abigail, take the radish from the entrance shelf, and join the dark side.
 - go to the teepee, find William, navigate to the bed, look for Michael, and guide him to the exit.
 - go to the teepee, locate Benjamin, and escort him to the exit.
 - go to the teepee, locate Jacob, and guide him to the exit.
 - Go to the teepee, look for Abigail, and guide her to the exit.
 - go to the TV, find William, guide him to the bedroom, and answer a question.
 - Go to the TV, locate Liam, and guide him to the bed.
 - go to the TV, locate Noah, and take him to the kitchen.
 - go to the TV, look for Liam, and guide him to the balcony.
 - grasp the apple from the kitchen counter, bring it to me, and look for Olivia in the desk.
 - grasp the apple from the kitchen shelf, bring it to me, and get the orange from the kitchen table.
 - grasp the apple from the kitchen table, put it on the left planks, and navigate to the teepee, look
 - grasp the apple from the little desk, bring it to me, and answer a question.
 - grasp the chopsticks from the kitchen rack, answer a question, and navigate to the kitchen table, locate
 - grasp the corn from the entrance shelf, find Olivia in the balcony, and follow her.
 - grasp the orange from the kitchen counter, locate Mason in the corridor, and follow him.
 - grasp the orange from the kitchen table, navigate to the bookcase, locate Alexander, and say what day
 - grasp the orange from the left rack, say your team's country, and take the chopsticks from
 - grasp the orange from the right rack, look for Sophia in the kitchen table, and take her to
 - grasp the radish from the bistro table, find Sophia in the balcony, and follow her.
 - grasp the radish from the kitchen shelf, answer a question, and answer a question.
 - grasp the radish from the right planks, deliver it on the entrance shelf, and answer a question.
 - grasp the radish from the sideboard, pick up the chopsticks from the kitchen rack, and place it
 - Join the dark side, answer a question, and go to the teepee, find Jacob.
 - Join the dark side, answer a question, and take the apple from the right planks.
 - join the dark side, answer a question, and tell a joke.
 - Join the dark side, enter to the corridor, find Michael, and follow him.
 - join the dark side, enter to the kitchen, find Michael, and follow him.
 - join the dark side, find Liam in the desk, and escort him to the exit.
 - join the dark side, find Mason in the bedroom, and follow him.
 - join the dark side, find Mason in the desk, and guide him to the exit.
 - join the dark side, get the apple from the left planks, and put it on the entrance shelf.
 - join the dark side, get the apple from the right planks, and join the dark side.
 - join the dark side, get the onion from the entrance shelf, and put it on the sideboard.
 - join the dark side, go to the bookcase, look for Michael, and take him to the kitchen table.
 - join the dark side, go to the desk, locate Liam, and escort him to the bookcase.
 - join the dark side, go to the teepee, locate Mia, and escort her to the corridor.
 - join the dark side, go to the teepee, look for William, and escort him to the balcony.
 - join the dark side, grasp the corn from the kitchen table, and put it on the right rack.
 - join the dark side, grasp the onion from the unknown, and put it on the sideboard.
 - join the dark side, grasp the orange from the left rack, and hand it to me.
 - join the dark side, join the dark side, and answer a question.
 - Join the dark side, join the dark side, and say what day is today.
 - join the dark side, look for Alexander in the teepee, and go to the sofa, find James.
 - Join the dark side, look for Ava in the entrance, and follow her.
 - Join the dark side, look for Emma in the bedroom, and follow her.
 - join the dark side, look for Emma in the living room, and follow her.
 - join the dark side, look for Jacob in the sofa, and guide him to the exit.
 - join the dark side, navigate to the desk, look for Ethan, and guide him to the living room.
 - join the dark side, navigate to the kitchen table, find Isabella, and escort her to the balcony.
 - join the dark side, navigate to the teepee, look for Emily, and escort her to the bed.
 - Join the dark side, pick up the chopsticks from the coffee table, and deliver it on the balcony shelf.
 - join the dark side, pick up the onion from the unknown, and put it on the kitchen rack.
 - join the dark side, pick up the orange from the left planks, and grasp the chopsticks from
 - Join the dark side, say the time, and grasp the apple from the fridge.
 - join the dark side, say your team's affiliation, and grasp the chopsticks from the unknown.
 - join the dark side, tell something about yourself, and answer a question.
 - locate a asience in the entrance, and bring it to Isabella in the desk.
 - locate a chopsticks in the entrance, and place it on the bistro table.
 - Locate a cold brew in the living room, and place it on the bookcase.
 - locate a corn in the corridor, and place it on the sideboard.
 - locate a curry in the balcony, and bring it to me.
 - locate a fries in the bedroom, and deliver it to Abigail in the teepee.
 - locate a fries in the living room, and deliver it on the unknown.
 - locate a onion in the balcony, and deliver it on the kitchen counter.
 - locate a orange in the kitchen, and give it to Ethan in the desk.
 - Locate Abigail in the bed, escort her to the exit, and answer a question.
 - locate Alexander in the bed, escort him to the exit, and answer a question.
 - locate Alexander in the bookcase, and escort him to the exit.
 - Locate Ava in the sofa, find Liam in the bed, and join the dark side.
 - locate Ava in the teepee, answer a question, and answer a question.
 - locate Benjamin in the kitchen table, and escort him to the kitchen.
 - Locate Harper in the sofa, and escort her to the balcony.
 - locate Jacob in the sofa, answer a question, and join the dark side.
 - Locate Liam in the TV, locate James in the desk, and guide him to the bedroom.
 - locate Mason in the bookcase, take the orange from the sideboard, and look for Jacob in the
 - locate Mia in the bed, and escort her to the balcony.
 - locate Noah in the desk, and take him to the bookcase.
 - locate Noah in the kitchen table, locate Ethan in the desk, and join the dark side.
 - locate Noah in the TV, go to the bed, look for Charlotte, and answer a question.
 - locate Olivia in the TV, and take her to the entrance.
 - look for a bowl in the balcony, and hand it to me.
 - look for a chopsticks in the corridor, and deliver it on the coffee table.
 - Look for a curry in the bedroom, and give it to Abigail in the bookcase.
 - look for a curry in the kitchen, and deliver it on the bookcase.
 - look for a green tea in the living room, and give it to me.
 - look for a moisturizer in the kitchen, and bring it to Jacob in the TV.
 - look for a onion in the kitchen, and deliver it to Benjamin in the bed.
 - look for a orange in the bedroom, and place it on the kitchen counter.
 - look for a orange in the kitchen, and give it to me.
 - look for a orange in the living room, and deliver it to Jacob in the sofa.
 - look for a radish in the corridor, and place it on the sideboard.
 - look for Abigail in the desk, escort her to the TV, and answer a question.
 - look for Abigail in the sofa, take the corn from the fridge, and place it on the unknown.
 - look for Ava in the kitchen table, say what day is today, and get the apple from the little desk.
 - look for Ava in the sofa, and take her to the kitchen table.
 - look for Benjamin in the kitchen table, pick up the chopsticks from the right rack, and hand it to me.
 - look for Charlotte in the TV, get the radish from the balcony shelf, and join the dark side.
 - look for Emma in the teepee, look for William in the sofa, and look for Mason in the bookcase.
 - look for Ethan in the desk, enter to the kitchen, look for Emma, and follow her.
 - look for Harper in the kitchen table, join the dark side, and answer a question.
 - Look for Harper in the sofa, and guide her to the kitchen.
 - Look for Harper in the teepee, and take her to the exit.
 - look for Isabella in the bedroom, follow her, and answer a question.
 - look for Jacob in the kitchen table, and take him to the kitchen.
 - look for James in the sofa, answer a question, and answer a question.
 - look for Mason in the desk, escort him to the bookcase, and answer a question.
 - look for Mia in the teepee, escort her to the corridor, and answer a question.
 - look for Olivia in the desk, and guide her to the exit.
 - look for Sophia in the desk, escort her to the exit, and join the dark side.
 - Look for William in the bedroom, follow him, and answer a question.
 - look for William in the teepee, enter to the corridor, find Michael, and follow him.
 - navigate to the balcony, find the chopsticks, and hand it to Noah in the desk.
 - navigate to the balcony, locate the orange, and deliver it on the kitchen shelf.
 - navigate to the balcony, locate the orange, and deliver it to Liam in the bookcase.
 - Navigate to the bed, find Alexander, and guide him to the teepee.
 - navigate to the bed, find Isabella, and guide her to the desk.
 - navigate to the bookcase, locate Mason, escort him to the sofa, and join the dark side.
 - navigate to the bookcase, locate Olivia, and escort her to the living room.
 - navigate to the bookcase, look for Abigail, go to the bed, locate Mia, and escort her to the
 - navigate to the bookcase, look for Isabella, and escort her to the bed.
 - navigate to the corridor, locate James, follow him, and get the corn from the TV.
 - navigate to the corridor, locate the candy, and deliver it to me.
 - navigate to the corridor, look for Harper, follow her, and pick up the apple from the kitchen
 - navigate to the desk, locate Liam, and take him to the exit.
 - navigate to the desk, look for Olivia, navigate to the bookcase, look for Noah, and escort him to the
 - navigate to the desk, look for Sophia, take it to the teepee, and look for Jacob in the desk.
 - navigate to the kitchen, locate the apple, and bring it to Ava in the bed.
 - navigate to the kitchen, look for Abigail, follow her, and join the dark side.
 - navigate to the kitchen, look for the candy, and give it to Isabella in the kitchen table.
 - navigate to the living room, find the curry, and deliver it to Harper in the bookcase.
 - navigate to the living room, locate the corn, and hand it to Isabella in the bed.
 - navigate to the sofa, find Noah, and take him to the exit.
 - navigate to the sofa, look for Emily, look for Charlotte in the corridor, and follow her.
 - navigate to the teepee, locate Emma, and escort her to the balcony.
 - navigate to the teepee, locate William, find Liam in the bedroom, and follow him.
 - navigate to the TV, find Alexander, and escort him to the kitchen table.
 - navigate to the TV, find Benjamin, go to the desk, locate Jacob, and escort him to the exit.
 - pick up the apple from the balcony shelf, hand it to me, and say a joke.
 - pick up the apple from the kitchen shelf, join the dark side, and join the dark side.
 - pick up the apple from the sideboard, join the dark side, and answer a question.
 - pick up the chopsticks from the balcony shelf, bring it to Charlotte in the TV, and tell your team's name.
 - pick up the corn from the balcony shelf, answer a question, and join the dark side.
 - pick up the corn from the TV, go to the bed, look for Charlotte, and escort her to the exit.
 - pick up the corn from the unknown, place it on the kitchen counter, and join the dark side.
 - Pick up the onion from the desk, answer a question, and navigate to the sofa, locate Sophia.
 - pick up the onion from the kitchen table, locate James in the TV, and say what day is today.
 - pick up the onion from the kitchen table, look for Charlotte in the teepee, and answer a
 - Pick up the orange from the TV, tell what day is tomorrow, and get the corn from the little desk.
 - pick up the radish from the balcony shelf, take the onion from the TV, and join the dark side.
 - pick up the radish from the desk, say something about yourself, and pick up the corn from the unknown.
 - pick up the radish from the fridge, give it to me, and say your team's name.
 - pick up the radish from the kitchen shelf, get the apple from the balcony shelf, and put it on the desk.
 - pick up the radish from the left planks, pick up the chopsticks from the left rack, and put it on the
 - place chopsticks on the coffee table, and answer a question.
 - Place cold brew on the entrance shelf, and answer a question.
 - place onion on the balcony shelf, and pick up the radish from the left planks.
 - place radish on the kitchen shelf, and say the time.
 - put corn on the TV, and grasp the chopsticks from the entrance shelf.
 - put fries on the unknown, and pick up the radish from the sideboard.
 - put green tea on the bistro table, and take the apple from the right rack.
 - put radish on the kitchen table, and join the dark side.
 - say a joke, get the radish from the desk, and hand it to Sophia in the teepee.
 - say a joke, locate Isabella in the balcony, and follow her.
 - say a joke, take the onion from the bookcase, and give it to Jacob in the desk.
 - say a joke, take the orange from the coffee table, and say the day of the week.
 - say something about yourself, get the apple from the kitchen shelf, and say a joke.
 - Say something about yourself, get the corn from the kitchen rack, and find Alexander in the TV.
 - say something about yourself, go to the kitchen table, look for Emma, and answer a question.
 - say something about yourself, join the dark side, and grasp the onion from the left planks.
 - Say something about yourself, look for William in the sofa, and escort him to the TV.
 - Say something about yourself, take the apple from the little desk, and place it on the unknown.
 - say the day of the month, get the corn from the little desk, and tell your team's country.
 - say the day of the month, go to the kitchen table, find Ava, and escort her to the exit.
 - say the day of the month, grasp the chopsticks from the left planks, and give it to me.
 - say the day of the month, locate Emma in the kitchen, and follow her.
 - say the day of the week, go to the corridor, locate Ava, and follow her.
 - say the day of the week, join the dark side, and join the dark side.
 - say the day of the week, look for Charlotte in the bookcase, and look for Michael in the teepee.
 - say the day of the week, pick up the corn from the bookcase, and answer a question.
 - say the time, find Michael in the kitchen, and follow him.
 - say the time, go to the bed, locate Charlotte, and guide her to the corridor.
 - Say the time, take the corn from the balcony shelf, and deliver it to Ethan in the TV.
 - Say what day is today, find Charlotte in the sofa, and tell your team's name.
 - Say what day is today, say the day of the month, and pick up the apple from the desk.
 - say what day is tomorrow, take the chopsticks from the coffee table, and deliver it on the fridge.
 - say your team's country, take the orange from the kitchen table, and place it on the right
 - say your team's name, pick up the onion from the left planks, and pick up the corn from the little
 - Take the apple from the desk, answer a question, and answer a question.
 - take the apple from the kitchen rack, join the dark side, and get the corn from the sideboard.
 - Take the chopsticks from the bistro table, deliver it to me, and find Noah in the TV.
 - take the chopsticks from the kitchen counter, grasp the orange from the balcony shelf, and
 - take the corn from the bistro table, deliver it to me, and go to the teepee, find Mason.
 - take the corn from the sideboard, bring it to me, and join the dark side.
 - Take the orange from the left planks, place it on the fridge, and tell the time.
 - take the orange from the left rack, deliver it to me, and join the dark side.
 - Take the orange from the right rack, find Olivia in the kitchen table, and answer a question.
 - Take the radish from the desk, put it on the kitchen rack, and grasp the chopsticks from the little desk.
 - take the radish from the kitchen rack, navigate to the kitchen table, find Ethan, and answer a
 - take the radish from the sideboard, pick up the corn from the TV, and hand it to me.
 - take the radish from the TV, give it to me, and join the dark side.
 - Take the radish from the unknown, pick up the onion from the balcony shelf, and join the dark side.
 - tell a joke, look for Abigail in the entrance, and follow her.
 - Tell a joke, look for Michael in the kitchen table, and escort him to the bedroom.
 - Tell a joke, tell the time, and take the corn from the kitchen counter.
 - tell something about yourself, answer a question, and find Ava in the teepee.
 - tell something about yourself, go to the desk, find Emily, and escort her to the entrance.
 - tell something about yourself, go to the kitchen, find Charlotte, and follow her.
 - tell something about yourself, grasp the radish from the coffee table, and place it on the TV.
 - tell something about yourself, take the onion from the sideboard, and get the orange from the
 - Tell the day of the month, answer a question, and tell the time.
 - tell the day of the month, find Mia in the sofa, and join the dark side.
 - Tell the day of the month, go to the bookcase, look for Isabella, and take her to the exit.
 - tell the day of the month, go to the sofa, look for James, and escort him to the exit.
 - tell the day of the month, pick up the chopsticks from the right planks, and join the dark side.
 - tell the day of the week, answer a question, and say the day of the week.
 - tell the time, enter to the bedroom, look for Isabella, and follow her.
 - Tell the time, look for Ethan in the entrance, and follow him.
 - tell the time, navigate to the bookcase, locate Charlotte, and take her to the desk.
 - tell the time, tell what day is today, and navigate to the teepee, look for Ava.
 - tell what day is today, navigate to the TV, find Ethan, and pick up the corn from the desk.
 - tell what day is tomorrow, find Isabella in the balcony, and follow her.
 - Tell your team's name, join the dark side, and grasp the radish from the TV. - 
